The next step
Is a complete blacklist
Sī Sī
If she really is
The Eldest Miss of the Qín family
What do we do?
If she’s the Eldest Miss of the Qín family
I’ll immediately kneel
And kowtow three times loudly
And call her my ancestor
Oh
Then you better keep your word
Why’d you come here alone
Without telling me
With this strong sea breeze
What if you catch a cold?
Don’t I have you?
If I catch a cold
I get to enjoy
Your 24-hour devoted service
You really are
Too much
Enough
Qín Fēng
You’re just an adopted son
What are you acting superior for?
Is that so?
Even if I’m an adopted son
I’m still part of the Qín family
Do you want to taste
What it’s like to be blacklisted?
Oh, right
I heard you just say
You’d kneel and apologize to Ruò Yǔ
And call her ancestor, right?
Young Master Qín’s joking
Qín Ruò Yǔ isn’t
The Eldest Miss of the Qín family
Greetings, Eldest Miss